Cooking
 
You are asked to cook baked foods for the near bakery, because your recipes are so great. You need to mix liquids with ingredients to cook the required delicacies.
First, you will be given a sequence of integers, representing liquids. Afterwards, you will be given another sequence of integers representing ingredients.
You need to start from the first liquid and try to mix it with the last ingredient. If the sum of their values is equal to any of the items in the table below – cook the food corresponding to the value and remove both the liquid and the ingredient. Otherwise, remove only the liquid and increase the value of the ingredient by 3. You need to stop combining when you have no more liquids or ingredients.
Food	Value needed
Bread	25
Cake	50
Pastry	75
Fruit Pie	100

 
Input
•	On the first line, you will receive the integers representing the liquids, separated by a single space. 
•	On the second line, you will receive the integers representing the ingredients, separated by a single space.
Output
•	On the first line of output print one of the following ouputs:
o	"Wohoo! You succeeded in cooking all the food!" -if you have at least
one of each of the foods, after completing combining.
o	"Ugh, what a pity! You didn't have enough materials to cook everything." – if you did not collect one of each of the foods, after completing combining.
•	On the second line - print all liquids you have left:
o	If there are no liquids: "Liquids left: none"
o	If there are liquids: "Liquids left: {liquid1}, {liquid2}, {liquid3}, (…)"
•	On the third line - print all physical materials you have left:
o	If there are no items: "Ingredients left: none"
o	If there are items: "Ingredients left: {ingredient}, {ingredient}, {ingredient}, (…)"
•	Then, you need to print all Advanced Materials and the amount you have of them, ordered alphabetically:
o	"Bread: {amount}"
o	"Cake: {amount}"
o	"Fruit Pie: {amount}"
o	"Pastry: {amount}"
Constraints
•	All of the given numbers will be valid integers in the range [0, 100].
•	Advanced materials can be crafted more than once.
Examples
Input		
1 25 50 50
50 25 25 24
Output
Wohoo! You succeeded in cooking all the food!
Liquids left: none
Ingredients left: none
Bread: 1
Cake: 1
Fruit pie: 1
Pastry: 1	
Comment:The first pair is the first liquid with value of 1 and the last ingredient of value 24, their sum is 25, so we cook Bread.
Then we have sum of 50, we cook Cake. After that we have sum of 75, we cook Pastry. Next we have sum of 100, so we craft Fruit Pie. 
We have no left liquids and/or ingredients, so we stop trying to cook foods, but we have enough of them to give them to the bakery.

Input
10 20 30 40 50
50 40 30 30 15	
Output
Ugh, what a pity! You didn't have enough materials to to cook everything.
Liquids left: none
Ingredients left: 39, 40, 50
Bread: 1
Cake: 1
Fruit pie: 0
Pastry: 0
Comment: First, we take the first given liquid and the last ingredient, their sum is 25 and we cook Bread, removing both of them from the collections.
Then, we take the next pair and their sum is 50, cooking Cake and again – removing both the liquid and the ingredient.
Next, we take the next pair and their sum is 60, so we remove the liquid and increase the ingredient's value by 3.
The next 2 pairs follow the same scenario, so we end up with not enough materials for all the food, no liquids left and some ingredients, one of which is 39 
(originally 30, increased its value three times).
